[BXMSPROD-1772] Improved build documentation (#2036)
kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap: README.md

        Note that using `-nsu` will also make the build faster.

> ### **RHBA Stream**

Reviewer: I would not use this in upstream README. Better to write that as a full build from source.
```suggestion
### **Full build from sources**
```

> If the purpose, instead, is to build the RHBA set of projects that are dependent on each other, the recommendation is to use the [build-chain](https://github.com/kiegroup/github-action-build-chain) tool. This tool allows to build multiple projects from different repositories in one single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the purpose, instead, is to build the full set of projects that are dependent on each other, the recommendation is to use the [build-chain](https://github.com/kiegroup/github-action-build-chain) tool. This tool allows to build multiple projects from different repositories in one single command.
```

    
    - `-df <definition-file>`, url or path to the build-chain definition file (more details [here](https://github.com/kiegroup/build-chain-configuration-reader)).
    - `build`, build functionality.
    - `branch -b <br>`, checkout projects in according to their branch starting from `<br>` branch in `<starting-project>` project.
    - `--fullProjectDependencyTree`, checks out and execute the whole tree instead of the upstream build, if omitted the upstream flow is used.
    - `-sp <starting-project>`, from which project (in the tree structure) start from.
    - `--skipExecution`, add this if you only want to clone all repositories without building them.
    
    More info on *branch flow* arguments usage in [Execution Build Action - Branch flow arguments](https://github.com/kiegroup/github-action-build-chain#execution-build-action---branch-flow-arguments)

Running tests
-------------

* Single project

    ```shell
    $ cd ~/projects/kiegroup/drools
    $ mvn test [-Dtest=ATestClassName]
    ```

> * RHBA stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Full build with tests
```

        Note that using `-nsu` will also make the build faster.

### **Set of projects:**

If you want, instead, to build a set of projects that are dependent on each other, we suggest using the [build-chain action](https://github.com/kiegroup/github-action-build-chain) tool. This tool allows you to build multiple projects from different repositories in one single command.

* Install **build-chain-action** npm tool (you must have node/npm installed):
    
    ```shell
    $ npm i @kie/build-chain-action
    ```

> Now in according to what you need you only have to run the *build-chain-action* tool with proper arguments. Here we will provide the most common use cases you might face into. Check [build-chain](https://github.com/kiegroup/github-action-build-chain#github-action-build-chain) documentation if you need further details on commands and arguments.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to keep this simple and specify just the branch one. I suggest to move pull request part to https://github.com/kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md
wdyt?

If you agree please reformulate this part and commit new changes to pull_request_template.md file. 

Additionally I would just specify build chain command to build main branch with a note saying (something like)

> consider to change `main` by the branch/tag to build

and I would refer to https://github.com/kiegroup/github-action-build-chain#execution-build-action---branch-flow-arguments for more details.

Author: I completely agree on moving the `pull request` in https://github.com/kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md, it makes sense having only the branch flow here and move the pull request related things there.

    ```

    Using this command you can clone all repositories starting from specific project (see [project structure](#kiegroup-project-structure)), checkout one by one all projects and build them in according to their specific build instructions that are defined in the definition file you provided.
    
    - `-df <definition-file>`, url or path to the build-chain definition file (more details [here](https://github.com/kiegroup/build-chain-configuration-reader)).
    - `build`, build functionality.
    - `branch -b <br>`, checkout projects in according to their branch starting from `<br>` branch in `<starting-project>` project.
    - `--fullProjectDependencyTree`, checks out and execute the whole tree instead of the upstream build, if omitted the upstream flow is used.
    - `-sp <starting-project>`, from which project (in the tree structure) start from.
    - `--skipExecution`, add this if you only want to clone all repositories without building them.
    
    A real example could be this one, where you checkout and build the whole set of projects starting from the root one (i.e., `kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap`):

    ```shell

>     $ build-chain-action -df 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/main/.ci/pull-request-config.yaml' build branch -b main --fullProjectDependencyTree -sp kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $ build-chain-action -df https://github.com/kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/blob/main/.ci/compilation-config.yaml build branch -b main --fullProjectDependencyTree -sp kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap
```

    
    - `-df <definition-file>`, url or path to the build-chain definition file (more details [here](https://github.com/kiegroup/build-chain-configuration-reader)).
    - `build`, build functionality.
    - `pr -url <pull-request-url>`, for every projects checks if a Pull Request exists (having the same name of the provided one) and if yes it check outs in that branch.
    - `-sp <starting-project>`, from which project (in the tree structure) start from, if not provided it starts from the PR one.
    - `--skipExecution`, add this if you only want to clone all repositories without building them.

    A real example could be this one, taken from `kie-wb-distribution` project:

    ```shell
    $ build-chain-action -df 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/${GROUP:kiegroup}/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/${BRANCH:main}/.ci/pull-request-config.yaml' build pr -url https://github.com/kiegroup/kie-wb-distributions/pull/1166 
    ```

Running tests
-------------

* Single project

    ```shell
    $ cd ~/projects/kiegroup/drools
    $ mvn test [-Dtest=ATestClassName]
    ```

> * Set of projects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* RHBA stream
```

>     This can be reached using the `build-chain-action` tool, introduced in [Running the Build](#running-the-build) section. Omitting the `--skipExecution` flag you will check out all projects and build them (also executing all tests).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This can be reached using the `build-chain` tool, introduced in [Running the Build](#running-the-build) section. Omitting the `--skipExecution` flag it will check out and build the whole set of RHBA projects (also executing all tests).
```
